wolf heart dog lung
Why did our Su family roll your eyes like this?
Wolf, our Su family trusts you so much
I give you such a strong task
How did you poke such a big stove?
Grandpa, don't call me grandpa
I can't afford to be your grandfather
If the Sun family pursues this matter
Go to jail alone
You pay for the loss alone.
It has nothing to do with our Su family
Evil can you say
People do evil, but they can't live.
Su Wanqiu
You just wait to do evil
I'm Xiao Chen.
Brother Xiao, what's going on?
Is that so?
Su's Group submitted a batch of clothing
There was a serious quality problem.
I already had it tested
Found that the fabric contains toxic substances?
Easily cause skin allergies
This has a big impact on your honor
But don't worry, Brother Xiao.
I have
It suppressed the matter to the greatest extent possible
Because my sister-in-law is in charge of this project.
I have never dared to attack the Su Group
Make any requests?
I need you to rebook twice now
one
With Su's Group, everything in the future is serious
two
Guan Huang Zong Wanxun re-signed the business contract